then all israel came together to David
at Hebron saying indeed we are your bone
and your flesh also in time past even
when Saul was king you were the one who
led Israel out and brought them in and
the Lord your God said to you you shall
Shepherd my people Israel and be ruler
over my people Israel therefore all the
elders of Israel came to the king at
Hebron and David made a covenant with
them at Hebron before the Lord and they
anointed David king over Israel
according to the word of the Lord by
Samuel and David and all Israel went to
Jerusalem which is Jebus
where the Jebusites were the inhabitants
of the land but the inhabitants of
jiva's said to David you shall not come
in here nevertheless David took the
stronghold of Zion that is the City of
David
now David said whoever attacks the
Jebusites first shall be chief and
captain and Joab the son of Zahra aya
went up first and became chief then
David dwelt in the stronghold
therefore they called it the City of
David and he built the city around it
from milho to the surrounding area Joe
had repaired the rest of the city so
David went on and became great and the
Lord of hosts was with him now these
were the heads of the mighty men whom
David had who strengthened themselves
with him in his kingdom with all Israel
to make him King according to the word
of the Lord concerning Israel
and this is the number of the mighty men
whom David hand jacobian the son of a--
hackman aight chief of the captains he
had lifted up his spear against 300 kill
by him at one time after him was Eleazar
the son of dodeth the a-hole right who
was one of the three mighty man he was
with David at pest Annan now there the
philistines were gathered for battle and
there was a piece of ground full of
barley so the people fled from the
philistines but they stationed
themselves in the middle of that field
defended it and killed the philistines
so the lord brought about a great
victory now three of the thirty chief
men went down to the rock to david into
the cave of a dalam and the army of the
Philistines encamped in the valley of
Rephaim David was then in the stronghold
and the garrison of the Philistines was
then in Bethlehem and David said with
longing o that someone would give me a
drink of water from the well of
Bethlehem which is by the gate so the
three broke through the camp of the
Philistines through water from the well
of Bethlehem that was by the gate and
took it and brought it to David
nevertheless David would not drink it
but poured it out to the Lord
far be it from me oh my god that I
should do this shall I drink the blood
of these men who have put their lives in
jeopardy for at the risk of their lives
they brought it there for he would not
drink it these things were done by the
three mighty men a by shy the brother of
Joab was chief of another three he had
lifted up his spear against three
hundred men killed them and won a name
among these three
of the three he was more honored than
the other two men therefore he became
their captain however he did not attain
to the first three benaiah was the son
of jehoiada the son of a valiant man
from cap ZL who had done many deeds he
had killed to land like heroes of MOA he
had also gone down and killed a lion in
the midst of a pit on a snowy day and he
killed an Egyptian a man of great height
five cubits tall in the Egyptians hand
there was a spear like a Weaver's beam
and he went down to him with a staff
rested the spare out of the Egyptians
hand and killed him with his own spear
these things benaiah the son of jehoiada
did and won a name among three mighty
men indeed he was more honored than the
30 but he did not attain to the first
three and David appointed him over his
gun also the mighty warriors were a
Sahel the brother of joy L hainan the
son of Doda of Bethlehem Shama
the hero right healers the pillow night
IRA the son of Akash but incorrect a by
either the Amitha fight civic I the hue
schhh a fight I'll I be a at
Meharry I burn at a fight
he led the son of Bayer than a tougher
fight I fail the son of rye by of Gibeah
of the sons of Benjamin denier the peer
of the night charreah of the Brooks of
gasps a BL the Arbour fight as maybethe
the muhammad Eliab ah the che alba night
the sons of haitian the Geiser night
Jonathan the son of shaker the hero
right a Higham the son of sacral the
hero right alai 'full the son of Earth
Aoife the McAra fight a Hydra the pillow
night Ezra the Carmelite nay awry the
son of s by Joelle the brother of Nathan
libera the son of Hagrid zelich the
ammonite naira the beer effect the
armour-bearer of jove the son of zara
aya ira the if right Garrett the earth
right Uriah the Hittite zeebad the son
of a lie a Donna the son of shiza the
Reuben ight a chief of the rubra knights
and 30 with him Hainan the son of
America Josh of at the midnight Isaiah
the ash terrified Shaima and Jil the
sons of who 'then the Aurora right jude
IL the son of shem ray and show her his
brother the tis I'd alive they may have
right
jeribai and Josh Avaya the sons of L Nia
if ma the Moabite Belial Obed and J SEO
name is OB